adding get school experience secion and new badge (#1166)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/mission-patches.md

* * *

> ## Get School Experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get school experience
```

Reviewer: You patch has `Get school experience` so I thought the section heading should match.

> Wade, the tortoise, reflects the slow and steady progress we've made. It draws inspiration from the first school that joined the service, Wade Deacon High School.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wade, the tortoise, reflects our slow and steady progress. It draws inspiration from the first school that joined the service, Wade Deacon High School.
```

{{ appGallery({
  items: [{
    text: "get school experience 1000 schools onboarded",

>     caption: "This patch celebrated the service reaching 1000 onboarded schools in March 2024. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    caption: "This patch celebrated the service reaching 1,000 onboarded schools in March 2024"
```
